listen hamburger isn't just born as a
massive meat and a plastic container you
can walk up to the butcher and say that
dry-aged rib eye steak that's mine I'm
gonna grind that up into my burger
you're in total control the signature
burger of Minneapolis - cheese burger
where the cheese is in the center of the
butter its molecular gastronomy at its
finest ladies and gentlemen the Juicy
Lucy as there's so much more to a great
burger than just buying pre-made patties
at the supermarket right where you're
just looking for maybe lean the fat
ratio it's about picking different cuts
of meat to achieve different flavors and
that's how we're gonna really make this
our own burger for this burger we have
some short rib which is fatty and lean
it's got a great mouth feel it's really
luscious so this is a dry-aged rib eye
steak it's what everyone who knows how
to order steak orders at a steak house
and we just trim the fat off of it we're
going to grind that up and we have also
Chuck and Chuck that cut that it's
inexpensive
but it's what everyone thinks of when
they need a burger so we have this dry
aged funk from this ribeye steak we have
this luscious short rib now we have the
Chuck which is
no you with that so real men grind their
own meat and there's something sort of
carnal about throwing meat through a
grinder so now we have our meat ground
we have our Chuck our short rib and our
dry-aged rib eye fat in here now we're
gonna get making our high so we're going
to form two patties all right so the
bottom layer here we're going to throw
into the can so juicy Lucy's actually
from Minneapolis neat thing about it all
the restaurants do it out there the
cheese is in the middle of the
cheeseburger
now we're going to form our second patty
make the other side of this ravioli
this is our Juicy Lucy we have the short
rib the chuck the dry-aged rib eye and
then hidden inside of all of this meaty
deliciousness is the white melted
American cheese will will be melted once
you cook it and that's we're gonna do
the technique that we're going to use
for cooking this burger same technique
you would use if you were cooking a big
steak and we're going to add a little
bit of oil or fat to our pan in this
case it's a little bit of duck fat duck
fat is also a crucial ingredient in my
hair recipe which is equal parts nature
didn't duck fat like that
we want to get a nice sear on this okay
it's called the my yard reaction what
making walk by a real and go oh my god
that's not so delicious one of the
mistakes people make again whether
they're cooking fish burgers steak
whatever it is we want to mess around
with it too much
and we're just going to let it cook and
do its thing so now we're getting ready
to flip our burger I wanna be really
careful
looks nice and brown and now we want to
add some aromatics we're going to add
some other flavor to it
thyme and rosemary smash up some garlic
and just for good measure will throw in
butter as well and just by them being in
the pan their flavor is going to go into
the burger now this is what's happening
in the fancy three-star restaurant when
you order a big steak or a piece of fish
by basting it we're making sure that all
that flavor gets into the burger and
then it doesn't dry out one of the
things about cooking the Juicy Lucy you
want to be careful that you don't have a
blowout that the cheese doesn't come out
that's why we're cooking in a little
gentler you know this is technique
there's a lot that's going into this and
all of a sudden this is fine-dining
we're going to let our burger rest and
hang out it's in it's sort of butter
jacuzzi over there
now we're going to get into our bun so
this is brioche brioche is an egg and
butter enriched bread I like to cut a
little bit more towards the top of it
because the burger is kind of heavy
we're going to put a few condiments on
there so this could be the difference
between your bond and your burger
falling apart or a burger that holds its
integrity the last time now we're going
to toast our bun in the same pan that we
made the burger
why not mop up all of this good
delicious juices one more last time and
now we're going to start plating I'm a
purist I love ketchup one of my favorite
condiments so now we're going to put our
caramelized onions on top we've just
taken some raw onions we've thrown it
into a pot with a little bit of oil and
we've just cooked it very very slow so
it gets nice and dark so this is like
pure unadulterated flavor I'm a big
pickle fam again acidity really wakes up
a dish that's looking delicious so this
burgers got everything on it gushing
with cheese the Juicy Lucy
gushing cheese and sugar make this at
home and tell me what you think in the
comments
don't screw up Valentine's Day this year
surprise that special someone with the
ultimate pleasure
Nutella butter you'd have to be crazy to
live off vending machine food unless
it's coming from one of these five super
machines the Greeks might not know how
to balance a budget but they sure can
make a sandwich click here and learn how
to make a souvlaki Samy check out
furious beat Chris Thompson and John
from simply spoons as they and the gang
get hurly-burly with some haggis
subscribe for more free tasted treats